##1
####I want to separate this question into two questions: why is raw data an oxymoron and why is raw data a bad idea.
####Literally speaking, raw data is an oxymoron because I do think data is never raw but cooked. Then if you put raw and data together, the phrase itself becomes an oxymoron since there should never be raw data. Also, I think it is important to define what is “raw data”. I might define raw data as the data which is scattered and has not been processed to use. But even if it is a single piece of data that seems not that valuable, it is still “cooked” from someone, or we can say it is subjective to someone. And exactly because of this affiliation makes it not look like a “raw” data.
####Raw data is a bad idea because, as I mentioned before, it is somehow scattered and has not been processed to use. This means it has less value at that point. We can imagine it as a single gear wheel that you need to put it in a big system to give it a meaning. Raw data has its own value in the first hand but you need to cook it. Only in a certain position, it may give a greater meaning back. Only a single gear wheel in your hand? That’s definitely a bad idea.

##2
####Back to the podcast, CompStat is an accounting tool for the crime rate but it does shape the reality it measures. It was created to collect crime data and use them to solve the crime. But later on, the main concern of this accounting tool turned from reducing crime rate to only focusing on the number. Those number in CompStat not only became the “crime” that the police station chase after, but also became the symbol of a sense of safety in the state. CompStat, as an accounting tool, shaping the reality it measures by being the reflection of the reality of crime. Jumping out of this case, it is interesting to find that originally the data is subjective to the producer and user. But through the tunnel of several factors, such as the exaggeration of the society, it seems like the producer and user become subjective to the data. The accounting tools shape it to a new reality that looks more scientific and objective for people to believe.


#3
####Answer this question before reading the next two chapter:
####I’m not that familiar with Twitter so I want to focus on Weibo instead (Weibo is the Chinese vision of Twitter which I use every day). I think data is limited in Weibo firstly because there is a purpose behind the data that the blogger wants you to follow him there. This makes the data somehow will satisfy the mass culture’s taste. It is like a filter bubble that will show you the data actually you like to see. You agree with it because there is subjectivity existing in your mind already. Also, the data in Weibo is limited because the validity of it is not certain. The numbers may look true but in fact, you may not know the source and there might be a question mark on the source itself. For example, can you trust the data collecting from Weibo? Too many fake accounts controlled by the people behind will absolutely mess the data we get. 

##4
####My opinion is if you don’t need to login to obtain data, for you it is public and free to use. But for the data itself, it might be not. It is a tough question because on one hand there is no need to refuse the data we want if we have easy access to that. But on the other hand, just like the text mentioned, the data producer may not know they are getting involved. What is the right consideration of the data? Should it be considered as a private property of a person or just like an open code you can easily get from Github? There are websites that you can easily get personal information by typing a name in the searching input box. You don’t need to login to get that personal information including phone number, address and so on. Is that data public and free to use?
